# Sample Code
This repo contains a variety of different coding projects I have started / worked on in the past. Here is a quick summary of the projects, in a rough order of relevance (i.e. projects higher up in the list are more recent and more put-together). 
* **crypto-store** (python): this was a complete project for hosting the backend of a shopify store. The code is intended to be hosted on AWS, and allows the creation of a crypto store. This entails using a shopify store front, with crypto payment through coinbase commerce, and Amazon fulfillment via Zinc API. Relevant skills include: **AWS**, **shopify/Zinc/coinbase APIs**, **implementation of email protocols**. 
* **College-Crawler** (python): this was a complete project I made for crawling college faculty websites and extracting the names out. It was more abstracted web crawling, that was intended to work across a variety of generic sites. Relevant skills include: **generalized web crawling**, **completed software structure**, **asyncio library in python**.
* **Tradier** (python): this is the start of a project I undertook recently. The project has to do with trading stock options using the Tradier platform, which I recently discovered. Since historical options data is harder to come by, the project currently is centered around how to write down fetched data for later analysis. I intend to use this project as a script on AWS for fetching and storing data at a later date. Relevant skills include: **file storage structure**, **best data structures for ease of use and low storage use**. 
* **TradeBot** (python): this is the skeleton for an options trading program I undertook further back. This program is not hooked up to any APIs, and instead focusses on the internal structure of the program. Relevant skills include: **logical structuring of program**, **inheritance heirarchies practice**.
* **FinanceProject** (python): this is a functional program used for scraping debate tournament data and storing it for spreadsheet usage later. I was in charge of tracking finances for my debate team, so I made this program to help out. Relevant skills include: **web scraping**, **output to excel spreadsheets**, **inheritance heirarchies practice**. 
* **Playground/GradeCurver** (python): this was a project I completed for a computer science class in high school. It fetches grade data, and helps the teacher see graphically how different curves will affect distributions. Relevant skills include: **web scraping**, **basic python UI**, **basic graphical analysis**. 
* **Playground/GimKit** (python): this was a project for school that involved playing a quiz game to get the most points possible. It will most likely not work now, because it is based on selenium driver usage (which is fickle in the long term). Relevant skills include: **rough web scraping using selenium browser driver**. 
* **Playground/AssholeScanner; Playground/AHoleNew** (python): this was a project I undertook for fun. It consists of scanning the subreddit r/AmITheAsshole on reddit and analyzing the data. Relevant skills include: **usage of praw web API**. 
* **Playground/MorseCode; Playground/MorseNew** (python, Java): this was the start of a project for translating morse code into plaintext. I was trying to implement more complex algorithms for interpretting arbitrary morse input (i.e. with arbitrary proportions between long presses and short ones), but this turns out to be an unreasonable idea. This is because allowing for arbitrary sound data opens the pandora's box that *any* sound can be input, including sound that is not at all morse code. Relevant skills include: **structuring of program**, **basic sound file processing**.
* **LA.py** (python): this was a python file I made to play around with linear algebra concepts while I took a linear algebra class. Relevant skills include: **special dunder methods for classes**, **implementation of linear algebra structures in code**.
* **Scrabble Cleanest; Elevens Project** (Java): these are the two main Java projects I worked on in my free time. Elevens was a basic card game for a computer science class, and Scrabble Cleanest was an attempt at a scrabble solver. I wrote these a long time ago so they are a bit rougher, but I did learn a good amount from implementing Trie data structures in Scrabble Cleanest. Relevant skills include: **basic knowledge of Java**.